log: Add Record.Clone (#7001)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `ErrorType` attribute helper function to the `go.opentelmetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.34.0` package. (#6962)
- Add `WithAllowKeyDuplication` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/log` which can be used to disable deduplication for log records. (#6968)

> - `log.Record.Clone()` method that returns a copy of the record with no shared state. (#6986)

Reviewer: Please remove the empty line before this one.

> - `log.Record.Clone()` method that returns a copy of the record with no shared state. (#6986)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `Clone` method to `Record` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/log` that returns a copy of the record with no shared state. (#7001)
```
